Content card banner (#5666)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/customization_guides/content_cards/customizing_styles.md

## Customizing styling

The default Content Cards UI is imported from the UI layer of the Braze SDK. From there, you can tweak certain parts of the card's styling, the order in which cards are displayed, and how the feed is shown to your users.

![Two content cards, one with the default font and square corners, and one with rounded corners and a curly font][1]

{% alert note %}

> Content Card properties such as `title`, `cardDescription`, `imageUrl`, etc. are directly available on the `Braze/ContentCard` data type. Configuring these [creative details]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/creative_details) through the Braze dashboard is the preferred way to customize these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content Card properties such as `title`, `cardDescription`, `imageUrl`, etc. are directly available on the SDK's card object. Configuring these [creative details]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/creative_details) through the Braze dashboard is the preferred way to customize these properties.
```
